# Supabase React TypeScript Project

This is a project leveraging Supabase, React, and TypeScript.

## Overview

The application is built using several prominent technologies and frameworks, including:

- **Supabase:** An open-source Firebase alternative, used as the backend for this application.
- **React:** A popular JavaScript library for building the user interface.
- **TypeScript:** A strongly typed superset of JavaScript, providing static types to the application.
- **Vite:** A modern front-end build tool, used for bundling the application.

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository.
2. Install the dependencies with `npm install`, `pnpm install` or `yarn install`.
3. Start the project with `npm run dev`, `pnpm dev` or `yarn dev`.

## Database Tables

This project uses the following database tables:

# bill:

table stores information about bills or invoices. Here is a description of the table columns:

- `id`: A unique identifier for each bill. It is an auto-incrementing integer.
- `created_at`: The timestamp when the bill was created. It has a default value of the current timestamp.
- `name`: The name or description of the bill. It is a non-null text field.
- `paid_up`: A boolean field indicating whether the bill has been paid or not. It has a default value of `false`.
- `user_id`: The UUID of the user associated with the bill. It is a non-null field.
- `amount`: The numeric value representing the amount of the bill. It is a non-null field.

```sql
create table
  public.bill (
    id bigint generated by default as identity not null,
    created_at timestamp with time zone null default now(),
    name text not null,
    paid_up boolean not null default false,
    user_id uuid not null,
    amount numeric not null,
    constraint Bill_pkey primary key (id)
  ) tablespace pg_default;

create trigger trigger_update_user_money
after insert
or delete
or
update on bill for each row
execute function update_user_money ();
```

| id     | created_at                   | name        | paid_up   | user_id                              | amount    |
| ------ | ---------------------------- | ----------- | --------- | ------------------------------------ | --------- |
| `int8` | `now()`                      | `text`      | `boolean` | `uuid()`                             | `numeric` |
| 125    | 2023-05-17 21:07:30.96618+00 | electricity | false     | 9311e255-4a5b-4222-b0b4-36547a2b0bf9 | 2500.75   |

The table also has a primary key constraint on the `id` column.

Additionally, there is a trigger named `trigger_update_user_money` associated with the `bill` table. The trigger is fired after any `insert`, `delete`, or `update` operation on the `bill` table. It executes a function named `update_user_money()`.

# user_money:

The `user_money` table stores information about the money balance for each user. Here is a description of the table columns:

- `id`: A unique identifier for each record in the table. It is an auto-incrementing integer.
- `created_at`: The timestamp when the record was created. It has a default value of the current timestamp.
- `total`: The total amount of money associated with the user. It is a non-null numeric field with a default value of 0.
- `pay_out`: The amount of money paid out by the user. It is a non-null numeric field with a default value of 0.
- `user_id`: The UUID of the user associated with the money balance. It is a non-null field.

The table also has a primary key constraint on the `id` column and a unique constraint on the `user_id` column.

```sql
create table
  public.user_money (
    id bigint generated by default as identity not null,
    created_at timestamp with time zone null default now(),
    total numeric not null default '0'::numeric,
    pay_out numeric not null default '0'::numeric,
    user_id uuid not null,
    constraint user - money_pkey primary key (id),
    constraint user - money_user_id_key unique (user_id)
  ) tablespace pg_default;
```

| id     | created_at                   | total     | pay_out   | user_id                              |
| ------ | ---------------------------- | --------- | --------- | ------------------------------------ |
| `int8` | `now()`                      | `numeric` | `numeric` | `uuid()`                             |
| 2      | 2023-05-17 21:07:30.96618+00 | 25.50     | 0         | 9311e255-4a5b-4222-b0b4-36547a2b0bf9 |

###### Please note that this description is based on the provided table structure, and you may have additional columns or constraints in your actual implementation. Feel free to customize the description to fit your specific use case.

## License

This project is licensed under the terms of the MIT license.

---

Please remember to replace any specific details as necessary for your project, including installation and usage instructions, and license details.
